mse version: 0.3.8
version: 2021-03-22
short name: icons
position hint: 2

image font size: 300
horizontal space: 0
vertical space: 3
symbol:
	code: initiative
	image: initiative.png
symbol:
	code: blueinitiative
	image: initiative_blue.png
symbol:
	code: attack
	image: attack.png
symbol:
	code: redattack
	image: attack_red.png
symbol:
	code: armor
	image: armor.png
symbol:
	code: greenarmor
	image: armor_green.png
symbol:
	code: helo
	image: helo.png
symbol:
	code: tank
	image: tank.png
symbol:
	code: ammo
	image: ammo2.png
symbol:
	code: circleammo
	image: ammocircle.png
symbol:
	code: commander
	image: commander.png
symbol:
	code: COMMANDER
	image: commander_circle.png
symbol:
	code: crewman
	image: crewman.png
symbol:
	code: CREWMAN
	image: crewman_circle.png
symbol:
	code: doctrine
	image: doctrine.png
symbol:
	code: DOCTRINE
	image: doctrine_circle.png
symbol:
	code: driver
	image: driver.png
symbol:
	code: DRIVER
	image: driver_circle.png
symbol:
	code: engine
	image: engine.png
symbol:
	code: ENGINE
	image: engine_circle.png
symbol:
	code: equipment
	image: equipment.png
symbol:
	code: EQUIPMENT
	image: equipment_circle.png
symbol:
	code: gunner
	image: gunner.png
symbol:
	code: GUNNER
	image: gunner_circle.png
symbol:
	code: loader
	image: loader.png
symbol:
	code: LOADER
	image: loader_circle.png
symbol:
	code: radio
	image: radio.png
symbol:
	code: RADIO
	image: radio_circle.png
symbol:
	code: commander
	image: commander.png
symbol:
	code: america
	image: america.png
symbol:
	code: ambrit
	image: america_britain.png
symbol:
	code: AMERICA
	image: america_modern.png
symbol:
	code: britain
	image: britain.png
symbol:
	code: CANADA
	image: canada_modern.png
symbol:
	code: CHINA
	image: china_modern.png
symbol:
	code: france
	image: france.png
symbol:
	code: global
	image: global.png
symbol:
	code: italy
	image: italy.png
symbol:
	code: soviet
	image: soviet.png
symbol:
	code: GERMAN
	image: westgermany.png
symbol:
	code: german
	image: german.png
	
##############################################################
# Insert-symbol menu
insert symbol menu:
	item: initiative
	item: blueinitiative
	item: attack
	item: redattack
	item: armor
	item: greenarmor
	item: helo
	item: tank
	item: ammo
	item: circleammo
	item: commander
	item: COMMANDER
	item: crewman
	item: CREWMAN
	item: doctrine
	item: DOCTRINE
	item: driver
	item: DRIVER
	item: engine
	item: ENGINE
	item: equipment
	item: EQUIPMENT
	item: gunner
	item: GUNNER
	item: loader
	item: LOADER
	item: radio
	item: RADIO
	item: america
	item: ambrit
	item: AMERICA
	item: britain
	item: CANADA
	item: CHINA
	item: france
	item: global
	item: italy
	item: soviet
	item: german
	item: GERMAN